- Buckets aren't encrypted, objects are.
- Data sent to S3 and from S3 is encrypted in transit (Most of the time, there are exceptions)
- Client-side encryption
	- Data is encrypted by the client before being sent to S3
- Server-side encryption
	- S3 handles the encryption
	- S3 encryption at rest is now mandatory
- SSE-C
	- Server-side encryption with customer provided keys
	- Process
		- Key and object is provided to S3
			- Object is encrypted and a hash of the key is attached to the object
				- To decrypt you must provide S3 with the request and the key that was used to encrypt the object
- SSE-S3
	- Default setting, encryption with S3 managed keys
	- Process
		- You provide the plain-text object
			- It is encrypted with a per-object unique key
				- S3 has it's own key that it uses to encrypt the unique keys. The unique key is generated, used, then encrypted. The original key is deleted.
				- The S3 key cannot be managed at all, AWS rotates, creates, and manages this key.
	- Three possible problems:
		- No access to keys
		- No access to rotation settings
		- No role separation
			- A full S3 admin permissions will be able to decrypt and view data, but you can't remove this permissions because the keys cannot be managed
- SSE-KMS
	- Encryption with KMS keys
	- Instead of S3 key being generated by AWS, it is generated and managed by KMS.
		- KMS delivers the plain text and cipher text DEK for data encryption per object. The plain text key is discard upon encryption completion.
	- This is identical to functionality of SSE-S3, KMS just creates the DEKs and manages the S3 key